Add behavioral tests for LazyCalendar (#1090)
collective/icalendar: CHANGES.rst

New features
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Added :class:`~icalendar.cal.lazy.LazyCalendar` for lazy subcomponent parsing. This subclass of :class:`~icalendar.Calendar` defers parsing of VEVENT, VTODO, VJOURNAL, VFREEBUSY, and VAVAILABILITY components until they are accessed via ``.events``, ``.todos``, ``.walk()``, etc. Calendar properties and VTIMEZONE components are still parsed eagerly. This is useful for accessing calendar metadata or counting events without full parsing overhead. See `Issue #1050 <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/issues/1050>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added :class:`~icalendar.cal.lazy.LazyCalendar` for lazy subcomponent parsing. This subclass of :class:`~icalendar.Calendar` defers parsing of VEVENT, VTODO, VJOURNAL, VFREEBUSY, and VAVAILABILITY components until they are accessed via ``.events``, ``.todos``, ``.walk()``, or other component methods. Calendar properties and VTIMEZONE components are still parsed eagerly. This is useful for accessing calendar metadata or counting events without full parsing overhead. See `Issue #1050 <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/issues/1050>`_.
```

New features
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Added :class:`~icalendar.cal.lazy.LazyCalendar` for lazy subcomponent parsing. This subclass of :class:`~icalendar.Calendar` defers parsing of VEVENT, VTODO, VJOURNAL, VFREEBUSY, and VAVAILABILITY components until they are accessed via :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.events`, :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.todos`, :meth:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.walk`, or other component methods. Calendar properties and VTIMEZONE components are still parsed eagerly. This is useful for accessing calendar metadata or counting events without full parsing overhead. See :issue:`1050`.

> - Added :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.journals` property to :class:`~icalendar.Calendar` for API consistency with :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.events`, :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.todos`, and other component accessors. See :issue:`1050`.

Reviewer: The class `Calendar` didn't link. Maybe try this?

```suggestion
- Added :class:`~icalendar.cal.lazy.LazyCalendar` for lazy subcomponent parsing. This subclass of :class:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar` defers parsing of VEVENT, VTODO, VJOURNAL, VFREEBUSY, and VAVAILABILITY components until they are accessed via :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.events`, :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.todos`, :meth:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.walk`, or other component methods. Calendar properties and VTIMEZONE components are still parsed eagerly. This is useful for accessing calendar metadata or counting events without full parsing overhead. See :issue:`1050`.
- Added :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.journals` property to :class:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar` for API consistency with :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.events`, :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.todos`, and other component accessors. See :issue:`1050`.
```

New features
~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Added :class:`~icalendar.cal.lazy.LazyCalendar` for lazy subcomponent parsing. This subclass of :class:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar` defers parsing of VEVENT, VTODO, VJOURNAL, VFREEBUSY, and VAVAILABILITY components until they are accessed via :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.events`, :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.todos`, :meth:`~icalendar.cal.component.Component.walk`, or other component methods. Calendar properties and VTIMEZONE components are still parsed eagerly. This is useful for accessing calendar metadata or counting events without full parsing overhead. See :issue:`1050`.
- Added :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.journals` property to :class:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar` for API consistency with :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.events`, :attr:`~icalendar.cal.calendar.Calendar.todos`, and other component accessors. See :issue:`1050`.

> - Added ``calendar_class``, ``lazy_calendars``, and ``any_calendars`` pytest fixtures for parametrized testing of both :class:`~icalendar.Calendar` and :class:`~icalendar.cal.lazy.LazyCalendar`. See :issue:`1093`.

Reviewer: Update against `main` and move up to the unreleased version.
